and then people all right with you whom
Speak lester and today be very well.
welcome to another aquino lister tutorial
tutorials
so it's only here this time how to improve
the performance of your processor then
staff to start you will have to
on your keyboard you select key
windows and is letter r will open the execute
so here you will put the following
m / s trust and give a ok
there is that will open the configuration
system
you will have to initialize the
system advanced options and here they
selected number of processors and
here folks you be smart here
that maybe you will have more than 2
most people I think have
two but if you have more than 2
I selected until the last conquered
I have the biggest one I have to select
two and then I'll write okay you will not either
apply and what it is who quit without restarting
then staff will leave a link calm
I'll leave in the video description a
link from a program called everest is
everest
they will have to open it soon as you
open the everest you will have to
computer overlock and in
overclock you will see the CPU cash
calm down the staff will have cash l2 still
You want to be here my two in the case and
3 mega megabytes so that's remembering that
everest requires an activation cereal
that it is not free
so you need you will have to
buy buy it or find a way
install it
so I did not buy it, I'm here
With him I think it's the here
days he is going
the computer is not for the case that I never
I have bought a test and here in
cache is here on your foot and may
to be in hair or in mb
in my case it has mb then just after the
studies in doing this you will have to
you will have to select windons r from
new but this time of writing you
they will have to write the following regime ti
Legitimate and give an okay
right after that
soon after that you will have to edit
find and you will have to type
second second level level test date
so you'll have to type this
century of level data cash and soon after
to do this you have to put in
find next click on find
next and will search the registry will
take a little while then the staff
right after you've uploaded everything already
this person is going to who is
second level data cash selected will
double click on above and here
pay attention in this part that this
part is very important
you will have to put value data
that value that you have seen in everest
in my case it's in casting l23 megas
you will put here data of the value 3
You do not have to put mega or head
Do not even bother and pay attention here.
staff if in your head was you
will have to leave hexadecimal if they are mb
of this evil
in my case it's mb so I'll leave it
bad
if you have a head at that
for hair instead of mbps hexadecimal
This was the wrong word.
Okay, you'll have to give me an okay and then
do this
you will have to edit
next and right after you click
find next
You will open here again.
again and enter the value and select
and giving a ok then personal is basically
This is very easy, not to improve the
performance of the computer pc and here
it's here right?
and I recommend it right after you
do this restart the computer to
for you to see the difference soon enough
after reboot and is also very
better then I'm not lazy at networks
hold the computer
I think that's it for today and only if
You have not been subscribed to the channel.
sign up novelis have this channel
lister tutorials and spoke